Good [music] morning. It's 9:00 a.m. in
Shanghai, Shanzhen, and here in Hong
Kong, you're watching the China Show.
I'm David Glass. We are counting down to
the open markets [music] in greater
China. Let's get to your top stories
today. The stock rally across the
Asia-Pacific, as [music] you can see,
easing after a fresh record on Wall
Street fueled by renewed AI enthusiasms.
Now, strength in [music] the US
manufacturing sector boosting the US
dollar. Speaking of AI, investors
[music] digesting news uh on the theme
here with Alphabet seeking, get this,
another $80 billion
for spending anthropic filing [music]
confidentially for an IPO.
Also ahead, we're live at Computex in
Taipei where Nvidia's [music] in the
spotlight with a new PC chip to take on
Intel and AMD. And here in Hong Kong,
we're looking [music] at shares of Muan
this hour after losses. They're
shrinking uh as China's food delivery
price [music] war shows signs of
cooling.
[music]
Welcome to the program. Lots to get
through over the next two hours or so.
So the risk rally somewhat fading on a
benchmark level at the very least though
when you look underneath the hood you
will likely see some winners emerge
still. All that being said the macro
backdrop is S&P futures down about half
of 1%. Uh just keep in mind we're up 8
days in the cash markets. Uh something
had to give at some point. Uh in terms
of Brent if you think 95 is a bit
strange somewhat. Yes. We are trading
near the higher end of the oneweek
range. Uh I think we're two two and a
half days to the upside there. 10 year
yield of course as you can see on your
screen. So it's now actually a rate hike
more a rate hike than a cut that's
priced uh given that ISM print that we
got overnight for your year high 54 I
believe was the absolute number on that.
Flip the page. Couple of markets are
coming online. You have Taiwan. Korea
has been online as with Japan. We're
seeing a pullback there. Although Taiwan
as you can see on your screens is
punching high. We'll get more in the
Taiwan story in a moment. Uh some key
names of course we've been tracking LG
bottom of your screens 9 and a half%
TSMC's coming online 1.3 to the upside
overnight um a rally there. Do we see a
rally here though? Uh as we approach the
open today we're looking at car makers
in particular today given of course the
monthly sales numbers to varying degrees
of goods. Although when you look at the
likes of Lee Auto for example not on
your screens a monthly decline there. So
just to mention that A50 futures coming
up on your screens. Uh the bond rally is
very much in focus still with the most
active at least bond 10-year bond
specifically uh now with a sub 1.7%
yield uh handle there. Although as you
can see roughly speaking the generic one
is looking at 1 6.7 obviously that's
accompanied by the strength coming
through in the Chinese currency yet
again. Right. So lots of themes to get
through over the next two hours or so
and we have good company in fact coming
up here in shows today. stellar lineup
of guest uh on mtoan city group will be
joining us to talk us through that. We
also have bank of Singapore to talk us
through greater Chinese markets assess
the jobs impact uh [snorts] on AI with
cargi endowments and BCG on their latest
global wealth reports pitting Hong Kong
now top of the world and effectively
projecting that Hong Kong builds its
lead over Switzerland. Okay, let's
continue our coverage now on tech and we
just showed you what Taiwan is doing. We
see this rotation of course into things
like software data center teams. Our
team has everything covered for you.
Standing by to make sense of all of
this, Anthony Stevens, our markets
reporter here on set. Our US deals
editor Michael Hya is with us out of San
Francisco. And joining us out of Taipei
at Computex is chief North Asia
correspondent. Uh Stephen Angel.
Anthony, let me start with you. Taiwan
seems to be standing out currently. What
what's what's top of mind for you?
What's why is it happening? Yeah, I
think one word that changed overnight to
our session is liquidity, right? So, uh,
Alphabet launched this 80 yard uh deal
and then Korean inflation came in hot.
So, now the market has to absorb this in
uh this deal liquidity from Alphabet and
also price a higher uh cost of liquidity
in Korea. So, you're seeing quite a big
move lower in Korea in the most
speculative names. Right. In Taiwan
though, the picture is much cleaner. uh
Hlet Packard Enterprise is up 30% or 25%
plus after very strong AI kind of
guidance around servers and um computers
in general and that was something that
you saw yesterday. So Taiwan has all
those names uh that make AI servers and
those were limit up yesterday and
they're probably strong again today and
TSMC will take comfort from yet another
expansion in the Nvidia product line. So
Taiwan has a much cleaner picture. They
don't particularly have the inflationary
concerns that Korea has. Korean bonds
are among the worst in the world and
this inflation print will not help. So
the Bank of Korea will be on deck July
and August um to to to deal with this
problem and when they do the rotation
within the Korean market will get quite
extreme and you're seeing some of that
today.
>> Just help me make sense of on Taiwan two
other things right you have this premium
on TSMC it's not quite the premium we're
used to. Uh the other bit is who's
buying this rally because it doesn't
seem that foreigners are in on this in a
in a big way.
>> The answer to the qu to both questions
is the same. Retail, right? So Taiwanese
retail is very bullish and the the TSM
premium historically is related to the
fact that US investors had to set up an
ID in Taiwan to so they were stuck in
the TSM US line for the longest time. So
it traded at a premium. Now so many
people trade Taiwan that almost every US
institutional investor has a Taiwan ID.
So that spread is compressing. At the
same time, Taiwanese retail is so
bullish that they are pushing the Taiwan
line up towards the US line as well.
Right? So you have that compression. In
terms of who is buying the rally, the
answer is again retail, right? So the
widening out of the rally that we we've
spoken about for, you know, I think five
shows in a row now, uh, is driven purely
by retail. retail was early on all these
teams in Taiwan way before foreigners
and now you're seeing the street catch
up to where retail was. You're seeing a
consistent round of upgrades from the
street in Taiwan.
>> Anthony, fantastic. Anthony Stevens
there, a markets reporter. Certainly
when you do compare like for like Korea
versus Taiwan, it is a deeper bench then
as far as how deep that supply chain
goes. I think it's really something to
sell. I talked about as I think a few
months back uh if you recall some of
those notes. Anyway, we can revisit that
theme uh later on. The other big story
of course overnight Anthony just touched
on this. You have Anthropic filing
confidential for an IPO. You have, of
course, Alphabet, $80 billion there. Um,
let's let's let's bring in Michael.
Michael, thanks for sticking around.
Well, thanks for hanging around here. I
know it's getting quite late, but it's
towards the latter part of your day
already there. So, talk to us about the
advantage for Anthropic of being the
first to file, first mover advantage, I
guess, before OpenAI eventually does, I
guess.
>> Right. Um, there's a one caveat of
course that this is the first to file
confidentially. there may be delays and
unforeseen twists and turns along the
way. So actually who will price their
IPO first um is going to be a high drama
to come, right? The on on filing first
and getting going with the regulatory
approval. Being the first one out does
have the advantage of grabbing the
headlines. Today is a great example of
that, right? You're the you get the
attention, you get both investors and
readers of all such sorts following you
very closely, anticipating it. Um
there's only a limited pool of money
theoretically in the world despite the
seemingly bot bottomless appetite for
AI. Um but still investors only have so
much money. They will go perhaps to the
first one to to file and the first one
to price their IPO will get a larger
share than the second.
>> Well, I guess that brings up the the
potentially the other side of the same
coin here. What downside potentially is
it to to being the first here? Oh,
there's the old expression, long necks
are for chopping
and anthropic is the first one to put
their neck out there. Um, they're going
to be disclosing their financials first.
They're going to be dealing with
regulators first on topics and AI is not
a simple industry and not a simple one
to regulate either from a technical
standpoint of course, but also the
politics of it in the United States are
increasingly, should we say,
interesting. So, this is going to be a a
real test of whether they can proceed
without hiccups along the way to price
their IPO and and toward raising the
amount they want to raise. And um it's
possible if OpenI does hold back and
does go second, as would be expected in
this time frame now, whether they get
the advantage of seeing what happens to
Anthropic and learn from its experience
and avoid some of those speed bumps
along the way.
Well, I mean, negotiations 101, right?
Never give the first offer, but I guess
it's offers all around. And, you know,
the the big picture is it's it's a
blowout year for IPOs. We talked about
SpaceX already. Just help us understand
2026 in context here.
>> Oh, it's a great year to be a IPO
reporter. That's for sure. Um, let me
get if you bear with a couple numbers,
right? um this year before SpaceX,
before open AI, before Anthropic, you've
already got $53 billion raised on US
exchanges. Um compare that to last year,
and this was all of last year, and keep
in mind we're not even at the halfway
point yet, it was 78 billion or so. Um,
so if you throw in perhaps 75 billion
for SpaceX, um, multiple tens of
billions for Open AI and Anthropic, um,
you're going to approach sort of the
all-time record right there with, uh,
338 billion in 2021. So, it's a lots a
lot's happening. Investors are going to
be putting a lot of money in, no doubt.
And, um, there's going to be a lot of
attention. It's it's a pretty exciting
year for IPOs.
>> Yeah. Well, IPO reporters perhaps right
after the bankers and the lawyers are
treating us for beers and protein
shakes. Uh this this other big deal,
Alphabet 80 billion,
you know, for AI. So, how is this deal
going to work? And can you also just
bake in Bergkshire here in the 10
billion 10 billion they're also putting
in?
>> Oh, sure. Yeah. I I think that there's
two interesting components of that are
one that Google Google Alphabet is going
back to get equity. um which is not that
common for a company that size to do a
lot of capex spending it looks like and
I think that just once again shows the
the almost insatiable demand for
everything AI and related data centers
um and of course the energy even to to
fuel them and that sort of thing. Uh the
Birkshere um component is very
interesting as you noted they're putting
in 10 billion of the 80. Uh Birkshere is
under new management as of last year.
It's the post Warren Buffett era and um
one of the things that I always remember
of course that Warren Buffett said don't
invest in things you can't understand
and that that ended up with a lot of
investments in consumer companies and
fast food chains and other things that
people easily understood. Um, it
apparently Bergkshire believes it
understands AI now and is ready to move
ahead under Greg Ael as a new CEO. And
it's it's pretty exciting. I'm sure that
that's a lot of uh it's a lot of
reputation
um backing up the industry right now.
>> Yeah, the world certainly goes beyond
seas chocolates. Able and willing is is
a good way to describe it. Fantastic.
Michael, fantastic. Thank you. Michael
Hya there, our US deals editor. Let's
stay on tech here and Nvidia of course.
I think shares were up over 6%
overnight. Let's tie in the ARM story
there. Also up what 15 uh overnight.
This move for Nvidia to enter the PC
market with this new chip aimed at
loosening the strange hold uh of Intel.
The announcement of course coming
through at Computex in Taipei sparking
as we mentioned that rally across Nvidia
and its partners along that supply
chain. Stephen Angel is at the event for
us to talk us through the big
announcements. So far we've heard Steve
uh we're spoiled for choice here.
Yeah, that's right. We're juggling a lot
of balls. I feel like there's at least
12 balls in the air at one single
moment. So, let's get to the big story
yesterday, obviously, and there's still,
of course, tailwinds from that uh today
as Jensen Hong is now in a press
conference here in Taipei at Computex.
Uh there's a few headlines coming out.
Also, MediaTek is there and some of the
other um top executives are joining him.
Uh, by the way, Jensen Hang is saying
he's on his way up to Korea as well
later this week. Uh, probably to talk to
a lot of their suppliers there in the
memory space cuz one of the headlines
that is coming across from Jensen Hong
right now is that there are still facing
supply constraints. Uh, they have enough
supplies for robust growth for now, but
they are still some supply constraints.
And he goes on to say that Nvidia
expected to expand AI chips for PC
product line. That was the story
yesterday. Nvidia essentially, as you
rightfully said, they're going to be
doing uh consumer laptops and desktops
with Windows on ARM uh operating system
with chipsets help designed by MediaTek.
ARM overnight was up 16%. So definitely
a rising tide here in this story lifts
all boats. MediaTek was up some 5% I
believe. It was also up significantly
this morning on high volatility. Uh so
this is really um the main story right
now. We're getting more headlines uh
from Jensen Hong as he is talking and a
bit of a plug as well. Uh we're going to
be talking to ARMholding CEO exclusively
later on today. Uh he is obviously very
much tied to this story and uh Jensen
Hang uh in this press conference, the
reason I'm bringing this up right now is
he said, "I made Renee Hos rich." Uh
Renee Hos is the CEO of ARM. So that
would be an interesting anecdote to
bring up uh with Renee in that exclusive
interview after he gives his keynote
address uh later this morning at about
11:00 local time. So that I only tackled
one of the balls that are up in the air
right now, Dave.
>> Yeah. Well, I don't envy you today with
everything you need to juggle there. Of
course, lots more coming up with Steve.
They're on the ground in Taipei first at
Computex, our chief North Asia
correspondent. Right. Uh coming up here
another ball we are juggling here more
broadly big [music] picture earnings
mtoan quarterly loss is actually
narrowing after this conversations
around competition food delivery uh
seems to be easing uh the biggest bull
uh on the street as it pertains [music]
to mine is joining us. Uh Alicia Yap
joins us in a couple of minutes to talk
us through that thesis uh biggest pull
on Miniax rather. Let [music] me just
correct myself there on the street.
Right. Uh lots more coming up here. The
opening bell. Shanghai Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong 15 minutes away. This is
the China [music] show. Good morning.
Welcome back. Uh just a bit of breaking
news here coming through out of the
White House and this announcement around
changes to tariff levels on specific
goods. It's not not broad-based uh to
say the least, but okay. So, let's go
through a equipment. Uh we're looking at
a reduction from 25 down to 15%.
Uh we're also looking at an adjustment
in as far as um steel, aluminum and
copper uh are concerned. So they're
adjusting that too as well. They're also
modifying the threshold for what it
means to be entirely US-made. So that
goes up goes 85%
uh all things considered. Industrial
equipment subject to a 15% tax. Lots of
details here. We'll unpack this even
further for you. But the big takeaway so
far is this reduction for a equipment
down from 15 25 to 15. That's about 10
percentage points there, right? Um let's
have a look at earnings. Earnings
reaction. Mtoan in fact came out
yesterday. The shares already in fact
rose in anticipation of what we
eventually got. Uh a narrowing of the
loss. I think it was a five or 6% growth
on the top line. The takeaway seems to
be lesser competition and do we now see
a path towards profitability or back
towards profitability here uh for the
company lost 961 million um revenue grew
almost 6% 13.5 billion that's dollars
here results were better than feared and
muan remains locked in of course this
costly battle with its peers Jindong and
also Alibaba uh joining us for her take
on the results and the broader tech
sector head of panasia internet research
at city Alicia Y joins us here set very
good morning nice to see you
>> good earning.
>> What do you think of the earnings?
>> Um I actually thought the results was
better than expected.
>> Um especially I think for the 1Q and
also commentary on the second quarter as
well.
>> Um because I think um competition as we
already know right from um Alibaba and
JD results um subsidies level has been
scaling back right and then I think even
Baba mentions about uh they will
continue to assume um the subsidy to
further scale back right from quarter to
quarter. And then uh for this one queue
uh if you look at the CLC which is core
local commerce uh so including the on
demand and also the instore business. So
in store margin seems to be stabilized
around roughly mid 20%. And then that's
put the on demands actually
substantially improve okay uh from the
quarterover quartarter basis. Okay, we
roughly estimate even though I think
management no longer give a lot of the
details but we roughly um estimate uh
this quarter which is one Q uh the UEE
uh which is the unit economics loss per
order is come down to about $1 R&B
>> okay and uh I think into the second
quarter because it's a seasonally uh you
know strong quarter so you have the the
tailwind effect on that also uh April
May seems to be also are projecting
pretty well with subsidy moderating.
Then seems like um management seems to
be implying uh the second quarter food
delivery could actually resume to break
even.
>> So we are now modeling roughly about uh
1 cents like 1 cents uh R&B per order.
>> Is the company doing better or is the
industry doing better? Uh I think both
because I think industry-wise uh we know
from the regulatory uh you know scrutiny
everybody seems to be behaving a little
bit and then on top of it
>> behaving not competing too much
>> not competing too much and then on top
of it um Alibaba obviously have a more
important agenda with the AI investment
the cloud which then I think they also
wanted to scale back um you know the
food delivery loss after achieving a
pretty decent market share right with a
short period of time and then on top of
it Nuan uh with the better uh you know
subsidy environment they are also uh
improving in terms of new user growth
and also the higher AOV uh products is
also improving uh according to them
seems like they are actually gaining
some market shares on the higher AOV
category. So improving efficiency uh mix
of the higher AOV and then uh the
landscape is uh improving so and hence
um the UEE actually are improving
substantially further in the second
quarter but they did warn about the
second half because um last year was a
really high base on the order volume.
That's right.
>> So we should expect a negative on the
order volume.
>> Okay.
>> Do we need to be worried about if we see
that? uh but I think it's pricing than
most people actually know about because
when you have the subsidy scale back you
cannot sustain that height of the volume
growth but then your AOV going to
improve right because your counter
revenue subsidies is al going to reduce
so your revenue is actually going to
turn positive growth
>> right order volume negative but revenue
will be positive growth
>> but then because of the dynamics and the
rider cost will be higher in the summer
in the winter so management cautious
just a little bit they are depending on
the dynamic. So they don't want to like
give the you know like indication that
um the profitability will sustain into
the second half.
>> Well you're you're the analyst. Tell us
that what do you think?
>> Uh we actually think now even though we
modeling according to the tone right of
management so we still model slight loss
uh on the food delivery but because uh
in store will remain uh you know steady
margin. So the CLC will actually
continue to be profitable
>> but the food delivery still remain uh
slight loss but I actually think that
potentially potentially there's a chance
of um them also beating the expectation.
>> Okay just very quickly your key
takeaways from the earning season so
far.
>> Um well I think if you look at a lot of
the big cap a couple weeks ago um even
though let's say Baba they reported u
really nice cloud revenues and all that
but share price doesn't perform right.
So same thing for same thing for 10
cent. So many many stocks um post result
share price actually decline with the
exception maybe for net east.
>> Okay. So I think net east um you know
gamings is doing pretty well. I think
people also think about this is quite
resilient and defensive.
>> Um but all you know I would say um
because of the current momentum right we
have this Taiwan computer tax going on.
So you know all these um you know
internet sector unfortunately has been a
sector that people are not looking at it
at the current moment or could
potentially as a funding shorts or
something right but then uh I think
overall fundamentally especially
valuation okay valuation if you look at
10 cent is not uh even including all in
is low teens if you excluding the
investment portfolio and if you're
excluding the cash is at a really really
attractive valuation even though I think
there's some debates about their AI
strategy, but yeah,
>> well, it's almost no internet's no
longer considered high-tech. Um, Alicia
Yak, of course, will be hopefully
rejoining us in a couple of minutes
here. Lots more to talk about there with
City. Uh, right, Maidtoan shares are up
1.4 in the early going. Lots more ahead.
This is Bloomberg
[music]
Right. Quite timely. [music] So, Leaning
is the outperformer early uh in the
early goings here. Steph Curry [music]
signing this 10-year endorsement. It's
quite timely, too, cuz the NBA finals
are starting, I think, in about a day or
so. We'll have more on the story coming
up. This is the outperformer so far. The
opening bell is coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China show, the Tuesday
session about 40 seconds [music] away.
We're set for the open there. Uh perhaps
slightly more upside uh on A50. [music]
So that's mostly on onshore play.
Hanging remains flat. It's worth
pointing out, of course, we did have a
[music] decently good session uh in Hong
Kong yesterday. Just keep that in mind.
We're coming up eight [music] days of
gains on Wall Street. We are looking at
S&P futures though to the downside. Some
big moves of course overnight. Nvidia uh
ARM was also up. We'll have of course
the ARM [music] CEO joining us later on
on Bloomer television. Stay tuned for
that uh interview coming up as of course
we [music] continue our coverage of
Computex and all the big announcements
we're getting uh there in as far as
partnerships and perhaps the read
through and as [music] far as capex is
concerned. Uh there's a separate capex
story though as it pertains to this AI
buildout in mainland China. I think we
can get to that later on. Uh the opening
bell uh here we go about three or 4 ten
of 1% to the upside. the focus really
has been and just to take a step back
away from equity markets for a moment uh
it it's really been in bonds and as you
can see the 10-year yield is at 17 I
believe the most active 10 just bear
with me um has a 1.69% 69% handle uh uh
in the CGB space. Anyway, that's just to
say, of course, that's been in a rally.
It's also been a strength coming through
in the Chinese currency. Uh flip the
page, please. Have a look at where we
are in Hong Kong and the opening here.
We're looking at flat maidto of course
very much in focus and we're looking at
Okay, there we go. We're up a further
now. Is that correct? A further 4.7%.
Yes, it is correct. Okay, it's moving.
So we're up a further 5% on top of the
6% gains we had uh yesterday. Uh we also
had some monthly car sales numbers
coming through. So I think uh Xiaoang
and Neo plus by Lee Auto was in the
other side of things. We'll get to that
later on. Okay. A stock that's been very
much in focus recently. This rerating,
rethinking, re-imagination.
H we're up again. Can't make this up.
Lenovo's up again 4.2%.
uh clearly the best performing stock on
the Hangen China index. I think with
these gains today that's that's about
170% uh year to date so far. Uh Drupal
Miniax uh coming up on your screens as
well. I believe Miniaax yesterday on top
of the interview we did recently with
them also discussed this separate I
think they launched third version of the
L&M. Anyway, we get that later on. Uh
but yes, gains across these two favorite
stocks obviously on your screens here as
well. Right. Uh we're still joined here
on set uh by Alicia Yap. She's head of
Panasia Internet Research, Tech Research
at Cityroup Global Markets. So we talked
about the platform company. You also
cover Miniax.
>> Mhm.
>> Now that's a company that doesn't make
money.
>> Yeah.
>> Doesn't have a PE.
>> What's the framework I should be looking
I should be using to look at that stock?
>> Um I think mostly currently most people
looking at is the revenue. um the ARR
even though I think um the company
previously back in February they
mentions is 150 million ARR but seems
like I think um it's you know I think
from the interview of the president last
week it seems to suggesting is growing
really nice uh we'll see because they
only report um you know by annually so
it's only the half year results that
we're going to see the result in August
but I think overall uh M3 uh just
launched yesterday
>> yes
>> um so that actually uh should have a uh
it's actually an architectural
breakthrough rather than more the
intelligent breakthrough. So that's why
I think maybe yesterday I think share
price was a little bit weak. Uh partly I
think maybe expectations is been quite
high building into that.
>> I mean the declines there do you think
that has to do also with the listing in
the Asia market that they talked about
>> like how much of that is just removing
simply from the the froth or you know
this rally in Hong Kong?
>> I thought it should be positive if it's
to be listed in Asia. Yeah, but I think
it's probably related to the M3. Okay.
Release. Yeah.
>> Okay. Um I'm looking at just since we're
talking topline and revenue here. So I
think they did 79
million I believe last year.
>> The forecast for next year and 2027. I'm
looking at based on the data here almost
10x in revenue growth. Do you think
that's achievable?
>> Um I think the reason because of that is
the M3. So I think they expect that the
M3 with the multimodality uh and then
with the agents uh agendic flow which I
think they mentioned uh M3 should be uh
on the cost effective wise it should be
the you know one of the better model in
terms of running all those agents right
so hopefully um you know with the
adoptions uh expand and deepen and then
the revenue should be uh coming in from
the M3.
>> So you have a buy recommendation on
this. Yes. Um, we talked about mateto.
You also have a buy on mateto on 10
cent. I think you also have a buy if I'm
not mistaken.
>> What's the Well, I'm asking the obvious
here, but is it is it harder to sell the
platform companies as a buy to your
clients than it is because of the shiny
new objects and the other?
>> Not necessary. So, in fact, we actually
just uh we upgraded Mtoan last quarter.
So, we did mention we we we actually
downgraded back in August when we saw uh
just right after, you know, two months
of competition from Baba and then it
like you know resumed to loss, right? So
that was like a very shocking. So we
actually downgraded it and then last
quarter we actually noted in our note we
say uh our upgrade could be a little bit
early but then we actually expecting
potentially even though we we at that
time we model CLC colos commerce profit
to only turn profitable in third quarter
but then we expect potentially there's a
chance they could turn profitable in
second quarter which I think last night
result from the outlook comments indeed
second quarter now you have UER break
even for food delivery CLC positive
Right. Yeah.
>> Uh we're at 82 now. Your price target is
north of 100 if I'm not mistaken.
>> 113.
>> 113. Okay. That's quite substantial
upside. That's almost 50% from current
levels. Uh Lisa, thank you so much.
Fantastic. Thank you for spending the
time with us today. Uh Lisa Yap there,
Cityroup Global uh Markets uh Asia here,
of course, head of Pan Asia 10 uh
internet research there. Okay, let's
talk about broader markets, but I guess
we can start with the tech story because
that really has been front and center
giving you alpha uh in this market.
Joining us here also on set, Louisa
Faulk, China equity strategist at Bank
of Singapore. Good morning and thank you
for standing by and patiently waiting
there. What do you think of what Alisa
said? Would you buy into the tech story
there still?
>> Um I think looking at the market, I
think earnings is going to be the key to
watch out for especially going to the
second quarter. If you look at the
broader index, um financials and also
the internet and platform companies are
two index heavy sectors. Now we all know
financial earnings is kind of relatively
stable. So what we are looking for
probably going into the 2Q results would
be a confirmation of what we have just
seen in first quarter i.e the peak of
competition that we have seen and the
losses has been narrowing. So I think
that will probably start u making the
market to look into earnings upgrades
rather than earnings downgrades. And we
think this is important given that these
are index heavy um sectors.
>> Does that mean the hingen index can
somewhat make up for lost ground
relative to you know regional peers? I
don't have to name the indexes but yes
but you know what I'm talking about.
>> Uh yes I do. If we do see earnings
reversion momentum start picking up.
Okay. Um currently market is forecasting
um for instance like henaiang index
earnings growth outlook probably around
10% or low teens whereas if you look at
the onshore Asia market market is
looking for an earnings growth of north
of 20%. making it a little bit heads up
versus the offshore market. And I think
the reason is in the onshore market we
do have a lot more AI tech hardware um
and the broader TNT including
telecommunications, industrials, energy,
storage that are all spanning across the
whole AI spectrum uh leading it all the
way up to the upstream as well. the
capex spend in in China is has picked up
recently, right? And I think we're
looking at a lot of big numbers. What
are your assumptions on uh growth?
>> Okay,
>> kar let's let's put it in kar terms.
>> Okay, if you look at the data provided
by the key hyperscalers in China, I
think we are looking at a kar of like
more than 20%. Obviously, this is not
including some of the AI tech hardware
for instance. uh we all know that there
will be a mega memory play IPO uh up and
coming in the onshore market. Yes. So a
majority of the proceeds will also be
put into new cap packs for new
production capacity as well.
>> So CXMT since we talked about that how
much interest are you seeing early
because that one looks to be monstrous
and almost intimidating just looking at
just because of the memory theme is very
much in focus globally this year. What
are you hearing about that?
>> Well, put it this way, if we come in
from an industry perspective, this is a
highly sought after industry and we are
looking at a player that is like top
four if not top five uh from this
perspective and it does have the
competitive edge in the um the so-cal
relatively mass or low end of the
segment of the product spectrum. So um
there is definitely competitive um both
in terms of pricing power and also in
terms of production scale because over
the past years um I think the market
information is is been gaining market
share both in terms of revenue and also
shipment. Yeah.
>> The AI bullcase to me and to many people
is a lot clearer in the onshore markets.
It's not clear to me that the hanging
index is the best way to play AI.
>> What do we do with that information?
>> Well, I think things have been changing.
Uh first of all, we are in the IPO
pipeline, we do have a few of the
high-profile AI chip spin-off, IPO up
and coming in the optional market. Yes.
Secondly, I think if we look at Hong
Kong stock exchange pipeline currently
which it has more than 400 active
applications on the pipeline uh of which
about 100 of those are the so-called
dual ah listing and I think over the
past six months year to date we do see a
lot of the leading AI tech hardware
names uh getting come on board and I
think upand cominging hank tech index uh
rebalancing we do see the inclusion of
foundation models companies that got
included as well. So I think it will
take time but at the c at the moment we
do see that the broader uh TMT uh
composition will definitely have a lot
bigger share in the onore Asia market of
more than 70% of the overall market cap.
>> Yeah. And and I mean I guess as a
broader question, should investors
expect
almost a fasttracking of the injection
of these new names into into these
benchmark? It doesn't mean if they're
listed in Hong Kong, they're an index
stock.
>> Um I think there will be probably at
different sub sector indexes. For
instance, the Hangen tech index, we just
talked about it. It's definitely uh I
would say relatively fast given that the
foundation models companies were just
listed at the beginning of this year.
Yes. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And I think recently there was
already an announcement around that.
Okay. Um how do I look at this Chinese
market against a macro that is
recovering but not recovering very
quickly.
>> I think we're talking about two speed.
First of all, we see rapid recovery or
expansion or growth in terms of the AI
related sectors not just including the
hardware but also all the way go back to
the upstream like energy equipment
materials. In fact, material sector is
having the largest earnings upward
revision momentum in both the onshore
and offshore as well. Um on the other
hand the relatively smalst or slow
recovery will be on the demand side uh
which has been confirmed from the recent
retail sales number. So demine is
probably a bit um on the slow recovery
path and going into the July polo
meeting. So I think it will be um uh a
test or confirmation by the policy maker
uh how much patience that they have. Um
we are seeing a very strong supply side
story this recovery on the demand side.
>> Well it does seem both are pointed in
this same general direction. Louisa
fantastic. Thank you so much for uh
coming in of course and spending some
time with us. Lisa Faulner guys China
equity strategist at Bank of Singapore.
[music] Uh about 12 minutes into the
cash market session, markets are mixed.
We're flat on flat [music] slightly up
uh on the Hingen index. Uh but as you
can see, broadly speaking across the
region, we're down by about 1 and a
half% between Nikay uh and Korea. Lots
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching [music]
the China Show. So, Bloomberg has
learned that several Chinese
universities with ties to the military
are seeking access to Nvidia's H200
chips based on a review of procurement
records and documents. Uh some of these
institutions you see on your screens uh
including Beh University, Northwestern
Polytech uh both are on a US commerce
department blacklist for their work with
the military. Uh now national security
reporter Kate O'Keefe in fact joins us
right now from Washington to tell us
about uh this report and what findings
uh you think we should know about here
as far as this investigation was
concerned here.
>> Right. So in summary, we found that at
least seven universities who are working
directly with the PLA, China's military,
are trying right now to get access to
Nvidia's H200 chips, which are the most
powerful AI processors that the US has
ever allowed to be sold into China. And
in addition to that, we found that more
than 25 of these universities that are
tied to China's military are already
using or are trying to get access to
older generation Nvidia chips.
>> Okay. So, tell us more about I guess the
question the two-part question is tell
us more about these universities and
I guess is it more to do with do these
universities just happen to have ties
with the military or is the story more
broadly uh because of those ties? Hence
the demand for these chips.
>> Well, I can say that the universities
are not random. Um they are many of them
are very well known to the US government
and in fact uh a fair number of them
have been blacklisted as as you
mentioned by the commerce department for
years due specifically to their work for
advancing China's military. So these
universities are you know working on
things such as nuclear programs and you
know working to develop missiles. So you
know they are right in the thick of it.
Um and so right that was a really
interesting aspect of our findings
>> now broader implications
uh of this uh where do we need to be
looking?
>> Right. So I think the the findings, you
know, will be of interest to US policy
makers because for for some years now,
the US has taken the stance that we do
not want to give China technology that
could ultimately end up being used
against us on the battlefield should a
conflict erupt. Um, and so the idea that
there's interest from these military-lin
universities in Nvidia's chips, which
are the best in the world, is something
that I think a lot of policy makers in
Washington are are interested in and
have have commented on. They have
expressed concerns about this very thing
happening.
>> Yeah. And I think you do point out as
well, you know, the caveat here is that
these chips are actually allowed to be
sold in China. I think various the key
question there then becomes how do
policy makers then look at the reality
has have we heard from Nvidia have they
said anything about this right so Nvidia
has been you know dealing with this
issue for some time concerns from
lawmakers um about this issue and you
know CEO Jensen Hong has typically said
that you know it just doesn't really
make sense for China's military to want
to use US chips um and therefore you
know it's not shouldn't be a concern I I
think the counter to that is you know
from national security analysts
including one that we have cited in our
piece is that currently you know China
is not able to make chips that are as
good as Nvidia's and um even if they
were they aren't able to make enough
chips for the demand within the country.
So uh I think you know the perspective
from many national security folks in
Washington is that this is a very
relevant issue and Nvidia has said you
know it's not. So, it's it's been it's
been an um an interesting conversation
for the past few years.
>> Clearly perhaps a really good example of
it depends who you ask. Kate, fantastic.
Thank you. Kate O'Keefe there in
Washington, our national security
reporter there with uh their latest take
and uh investigative piece here. Uh just
to update you guys on some corporate
news this morning and really big news on
the tech space. We talked about this,
but in case you missed it, Alphabet is
raising $80 billion through equity
offerings [music] to fund its ambitious
uh AI spending plans. And a company says
this includes $30 billion uh dollars
[music] in underwritten public stock
offerings and get this an onmarket sale
worth 40 billion. Now, Berkshire
Hathaway will buy about 10 billion of
the stocks for a private placement. Now,
together, [music] these transactions
represent one of the largest equity
deals of all time. Speaking of large
deals, Anthropic says it has
confidentially [music]
filed for an IPO. No longer that
confidential u potentially leaprogging
its longtime rival, OpenAI. Now, the
company says in a [music] blog post that
a number of shares to be offered and the
price have not yet been set. The AI
giant last week raised $65 billion in
funding at a valuation of $956 [music]
billion, eclipsing Open AI's value for
the first time.
Now, China has uh tightened up its rules
for outbound [music] investment through
a new directive as this tech rivalry
with the US intensifies. Now, under the
regulations, investors are prohibited
from transferring restricted goods,
tech, services, and [music] data
overseas without prior approval. The
Chinese cabinet says the move is to
[music] protect national security. Uh
we've been looking at shares of Leang uh
since we started trading about 20
minutes back. Coming [music] up on your
screens, we're now down for the day.
early gains there though in the early
goings. Steph Curry from way way back
here um signing this 10-year endorsement
deal with Leaning. Now the agreement
includes [music] things like products,
basketball products, lifestyle wear and
a full golf line. Now Curry joins his
Golden State Warriors teammate Jimmy
Butler and basketball [music] hall of
famer Dwayne Wade as endorsers for the
brand. The 17-year NBA veteran ended his
longtime partnership with Under Armour
back in November. Right. Uh CS flats
[music] about 20 minutes into the cash
market session. Lots more ahead. This is
a China show.
[music]
Welcome back. [music] Uh let's get you
guys an update on some world news we're
tracking today. President Trump and
Israel have offered uh distinct [music]
and differing accounts here of a call
about fighting in Lebanon. Now, Trump
used a social media post to tout an
agreement between Israel and Hezbollah,
but the Israeli [music] prime minister
says military action in southern Lebanon
will continue. Now, Iran is demanding an
end to fighting in Lebanon as part of
this wider truce deal with the United
States. Now, China's foreign [music]
ministry has condemned the New York
Times over its reporting on Taiwan,
accusing it of amplifying what it calls
separatist [music]
rhetoric. Now, the criticism follows the
expulsion of journalist Vivian Wong back
in Feb after the paper published an
interview with the Taiwanese [music]
president Ling Du. Now the times is
urging the governments of both China and
the US to reverse declines [music] in
terms of access for journalists.
Right. We're continuing to track shares
of Mtoan. So we're I think really giving
us a lot to talk about today on top of
the 6% in anticipation of what we got uh
rally yesterday. We're up a further five
right now. And I think what's
interesting too is if you I think
somewhat have rudimentary Chinese like I
do, a play on the name is actually the
headline of May Tuande, right? So no
competition. That's not of course what
the the name actually stands for in
Chinese, but it's it's it's a really
good headline. Uh when you take a step
back and really look at May perhaps the
idea that competition is actually
narrowing uh and and alleviating
somewhat of the concerns around margins
and does that now bring a clearer path
to profitability back for the company
which of course the price markets
largely last year with that uh net loss.
Uh EV is very much in focus too. coming
up on your screens. Uh monthly sales
numbers and I think the stock reaction
is quite consistent
with the numbers that were reported on a
corporate basis, corporate level basis.
So BYD, NEO and Xpong, by the way, NEO
and Xpunk had a fantastic day overnight
in the US. So we're mirroring that move.
BYD is up a further 4%. Uh Lee Auto
actually was the opposite in as far as
the direction of travel on uh May
vehicle sales. As you can see, year year
on year, we're down about, let's call it
7,000 units there from May of last year.
I'll leave you with a look at Lau Gold.
Uh we're down about 1.6%. [music] So,
we'll have more on that in a moment.
Plus, of course, uh the other big
stories across these markets, Taiwan and
Korea. More on that later on. [music]
The second hour of the China Show is
just ahead.
>> [music]
>> Good morning from the Asia Pacific. Uh
if you're joining us, of course, [music]
out of the East Coast, good evening to
you. If you're in Europe, uh my question
is why are you still awake or why are
you already uh up and about? But that's
I guess for you to answer. That's your
own business. Anyway, uh we're looking
at about 30 minutes into cash market
session. We're flat on price on the CSI
300. Chinx is outperforming uh
relatively speaking of course and I'm
using that concept very generously uh
today. uh although the broader read
across equity markets today and I think
the backdrop here is really one where
you do have a massive rally of course
taking place we are getting a pullback
across most parts of this market not all
with Taiwan coming up very shortly uh on
your screens the other bit I want to
mention in case you missed it is so fine
you have this AI story in the US you
also have a good macro backdrop that's
shaping up even further there in the US
in the form of that ISM print overnight
right so so you have this macro plus uh
an equally large in scale micro story in
AI uh 810 to 1% are downside on the Asia
Pacific benchmark uh and just to
reference I guess the trend we've seen
so we talked about Japan and the passing
of the guard there from Soft Bank is now
larger than the OG car maker Toyota uh
we've been following this track of
Taiwan and Korea so just this morning
the update is Korea is now in fact also
now larger than India so Taiwan passed
that threshold about a few weeks back.
Korea's not far behind and as you can
see both are now above India in terms of
market cap size and in terms of ranking
now number five and number six globally
in terms of uh in terms of market size.
Now it takes us back to this is a really
fantastic story from one of our
colleagues here that talks about some of
the big movers we've seen recently in
tech are some of these names that take
you way way back to the Backstreet Boys,
right? everything from Dell to overnight
we had Lenovo of course in the past week
or so overnight was HP. Uh and really
what this means for legacy tech and how
this AI resurgence is empowering what
you have this old school infrastructure
that was been put in place decades back
is really benefiting this group of
stocks. uh well helping us understand
how this really all fits in into the
context of things and why we've seen uh
old school is now still the new cool. Uh
joining us here on set Anthony Stevens
uh our Bloomberg markets reporter of
course is here to talk through why did
we talk about PCs? We haven't talked
about PCs in a while.
>> Yeah. So you know Jensen in uh Computex
started to talk about the fact that he
wants to expand into PCs. Uh PC makers
have been doing really well anyway as
they expand into the AI vertical right
and they are really it's really getting
paid off. So you you reference HP uh
overnight they recorded they say
threedigit gains in the AI vertical
right and that's powering the like 25%
plus move there and you're seeing that
space cordon off a place of piece in
markets today you see tech pulling back
pretty materially and and we'll get to
kind of why but uh the PC makers and the
and the kind of AI um server names up
like five six% in Taiwan is very very
strong and this follows on from 3 days
of moves right so that space is very
resilient because the visibility of
demand right like HPE had demand focus
out into 2027
>> so you talked about some of the pullback
we're seeing the wise and where is that
most pronounced today across the region
>> so we saw kind of a softness start with
the alphabet capital raise right 80
yards is a lot of money to absorb for
these markets to absorb up here but then
we had the Korean CPI that was a punchy
number right 3.1% the San Diego and then
the BOK said that inflation print would
be in effect for some time. So the next
BOK meeting is uh is around my birthday
in July. Right.
>> Advance happy birthday. So
>> this is driving a lot of rotation within
Korea today. You see a lot of the most
speculative tech names are down 15 to
20% in a two in a 2% down move on the
index. So I think that that is going to
become a bigger theme as this uh rally
matures. the rotation within the rally
becomes the much more painful point.
People are relearning how to risk
manage.
>> Yeah, as you point out, right, the Korea
can't have its cake and eat it too at
the same time. We get to a point where
the thresh the pain is at a threshold
there. In fact, can I just call up one
of Anony's charts? Can we get that up
very quickly because I think that's
quite pronounced where the macro finally
perhaps eats into the Korea story. Uh
that's 10944. if I can ask my producers
to bring that up. And it's really
interesting because this is really a
case a case study of where an extremely
bull case in the equity markets has run
into perhaps as you can see on the
threshold in the CPI print. Uh perhaps a
painful enough a high enough number that
causes a little bit of an pain uh in the
equity market. Anthony Stevens fantastic
there. That's the chart of course for
our Bloomberg clients. Here's an update.
Okay, one for the 10-centent bulls out
of the FT. This is a big one. So we're
looking at let me just bring up the
stock so I can just reference this
properly. The headline is Tencent is
moving closer to launching its AI agent
for WeChat. You think about a billion
users. Um there's the data set that
Tencent has at its disposal. It's heft
in social media. Um, as we've talked at
length about here in the shows with a
lot of the tech analysts that cover old
school uh Chinese internet, this is a
sleeping giant that's simply waiting to
be waken up as it pertains to the AI
story. Shares are reacting quite
positively now to that report. We're up
3.3%.
Uh we'll look into the story a bit later
on just to mark the the bullish uh turn
we're now seeing in Tencent on the back
of this uh uh announcement and report.
so far. Okay, let us um pivot back to
one part of the Chinese market that has
actually done well despite on an index
level on an equity benchmark. We've been
rangebound. So bond markets on your
screens, the CGB yield, I think the most
active contract now has a 169 handle. To
help us understand what's going on here,
our Bloomberg FX and rates reporter,
Iris Oang is here with us uh to talk us
through this. I mean, this is something
you've been following very closely. It's
picked up in May substantially this
momentum in CGBs. What's going on?
>> Yeah, so you know uh CGBs have been
benefiting uh from the global uh uh uh
diversification from US assets and also
because we are having this global
uncertainties amid the uh tensions in
the Middle East. So the uh the CGBs are
uh standing out as uh its uh lack of
correlation with the global peers. we
are seeing the big jumps in the yields
in other markets such as you know Japan,
the US and even in Europe um and then
but the Chinese yields um you know have
been quite resilient and even down uh
slightly around 1% uh since the Iran
attack.
>> So it's really outperformed. Are we at a
level where things are getting too
pricey on the CGB space? I know some of
your reporting suggested Ammundi for
example I think exited their overweight
position. What's the outlook from the
street here on CGBs? Yeah, you know, uh,
in recent days we are still seeing the
10-year euros are dropping. Um, and then
that's, uh, partly boosted by the strong
domestic demand because there is rich
liquidity in China and then, um, the
onore institutions are still looking for
um, safer assets uh, especially when we
are seeing some fluctuations in the
Chinese stocks. Um and then for global
investors you know some of the data from
the banks for example BNY they are
having some data this week saying that
they are still seeing some inflows from
foreign investors into the Chinese bonds
>> and that's also lifting the currency as
an as a as an effect I guess. Um we we
talked with Goldman Sachs yesterday.
Let's play it out guys in terms of what
the outlook is for the Chinese currency.
It's been strong and I think their call
is it could get stronger from here.
Let's play it out from Han.
Um we are uh seeing the continued R&B
appreciation. We talk about currency
quite a bit on this show uh previously.
What is really interesting if you look
at the interest rate differential uh
Chinese interest rate much lower than US
and other countries. Um but at the same
time uh R&B just continue to appreciate.
We are getting a lot of questions from
clients in terms of sustainability how
much it can appreciate. So we're
forecasting if we're sitting here this
time next year uh USDCY goes to 650.
>> Has the currency reached a level whether
that's on the basket or in the exchange
rate that perhaps is making policy
makers slightly uncomfortable?
>> I think at this level you know um the
markets doesn't expect a line in the
sand from the POC. um currently you know
the UN is trading at around 6.76
uh this morning and um I mean unless uh
the UN suddenly appreciate to 6.4 4 or
6.5 and then that the POC could come in
and then you know maybe some soft verbal
warnings I mean it depends on you know
what kind of warning you are giving to
the market right or you are adjusting
via the fixing um or you are trying to
address the other you know uh the the
regulatory um restrictions on the cap
outflows right um but currently we are
seeing that POC is quite comfortable
with uh the US levels because uh it's a
top down mandate that they are trying to
uh aim for a stronger currency.
>> That's right. Yeah, that's a very deep
toolkit and they've yet to actually make
it themselves felt across that toolkit
so far. Fantastic reporting Iris Oang
there of course who looks at FX and
rates for us here uh Bloomberg News
coming up here in shows uh we talk about
AI jobs and politics and can we connect
the three things? Matt [music] Sheihan
joins us out of uh he's with the Carnegi
Endowment here uh talking about the
impact of AI on job growth and [music]
why it could be a cause of concern uh
for policy makers in China. This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Uh yeah, it's jobs, jobs,
jobs, jobs, jobs. Right. And in fact,
let's continue the this theme here, this
intersection between
shifts in the labor market, perhaps
short and longer term technology as it
pertains to boosting labor market
capacities, disruptions separately to
labor markets, and as you can see, some
of the acceleration in the job losses as
automation spreads across industries.
This is simply just a list of expected
job cuts announced by the companies
themselves. I should note this here
spanning sectors as you can see banking
tech uh all through crypto now certainly
one of the key figures if not the key
figure in the AI revolution uh Jensen
Huang out of Nvidia is dismissing those
concerns here's what he told the
competit tech showcase in Taiwan about
the story
>> the number of engineers software
engineers is actually increasing people
talk about AI reducing jobs complete
nonsense it's causing more software
engineers to be hired and the reason for
that is very simple
If you can hire a software engineer and
you could generate
$9 trillion worth of productive work,
why wouldn't you want to hire more
software engineers?
Steen Angel of course is in Taipei for
us covering Computex. Uh Steve, I mean
quite a obviously animated session there
with Jensen Huang. Is it at all a
concern there at Computex? Job losses
because of automation and AI. what what
are you hearing and seeing?
>> Well, absolutely it's on top of people's
mind and of course I've come from bank
conference to bank conference as well
and in the banking industry when you
have Jamie Diamond, Bill Winters of
Standard Chartered, even Ikbal Khan last
week of UBS talking about the
ramifications that AI might have on the
rake and file of employees, uh it it
raises concerns. But here in Taiwan,
keep in mind uh the government uh
statistics office is talking about close
to 10% GDP growth in Taiwan this year
and significant uh rise in exports.
There there is a wealth creation going
on here on the back of the AI boom. And
it's something of course that you just
heard Jensen Hong talk about it. He
actually cited those numbers uh from the
Taiwan government about GDP and he says
compute is creating GDP now. Compute is
creating profits now. In fact, Jensen
Hong is doing a press conference right
now as we speak or it might have wrapped
up by now. But again, the job the jobs
question was raised again as well as
pay. And Jensen Hong says people should
be paid as much as possible. I pay my
employees as much as I can. And again,
this raises the whole issue about other
tech companies. Are they paying enough?
TSMC, by the way, is having its AGM here
in Taiwan on Thursday. And we all know
what's happened with Samsung sort of
averting, at least right now, a crisis
and a potential strike as employees want
more pay on the back of this AI boom. SK
Heinix last year sort of dodged a bullet
as well. So again, this is going to be a
subject that is going to be bubbling up
quite a bit. It was a subject that I
brought up as well with a senior vice
president of MediaTek. They are a major
partner of course with this new PC chip
with Nvidia. Uh Vince told me that they
are hiring. Let's hear from him.
>> So as Jensen mentioned, uh uh AI is not
going to kill jobs. It's actually going
to create jobs. So actually uh we're in
a situation where we're not reducing the
number of engineers but actually
expanding and hiring the number of
engineers and we're chasing a lot more
opportunity. So I see this boating very
well for us.
>> So I mean of course there's a lot of
talk about the rise of aentic AI. Jensen
talked about it. Cristiano Ammon the CEO
of Qualcomm talked about agentic AI in
China that's creating oneperson
companies. uh it's a it's a place where
the Chinese government likes to see uh
job growth because it's keeping younger
people employed even though it's only a
oneperson company but again agentic AI
it needs the designers of the agents but
again Cristiano Ammon talked about the
agents though will be running on their
own but it does need the architects of
the agentic AI
>> Stephen I mean this is a story that
we're still
morphing and evolving around
conceptually and of course in how this
lands I think is a is a key debate and
topic. Steven Angel, our chief North
Asia correspondent. And yeah, as we move
into this world where, you know, many of
us will have our own agents, digital
workers, and they themselves will have
their own uh digital workers. One of the
statistics actually Steve just mentioned
there uh the rise of China's oneperson
uh companies, right? So we spoke with
recall perplexity uh about a month and a
half back and I think one of the things
that stood out from that conversation
just to share it with you guys was that
they actually think their hottake was
we've now seen the end of companies
build from scratch all the way to 10,000
in terms of headcount. Right? So gone
are the days where you get uh large
companies needing a lot of employees to
remain large and even grow. I think just
keep that in mind as tech as a disruptor
and productivity tool. Uh to talk about
this story for us in the Chinese context
is Matt Shihan uh Asia program senior
director at the Carnegi Endowment for
International Peace. Matt, fantastic to
have you. Thank you so much. Quite a
timely, uh good time to be having this
conversation. Take us through your
thesis here, sir.
>> Sure. Um I guess in short the thesis is
that the Chinese government over the
past two years has gotten much much more
worried about the impact of AI on jobs
in China on employment. you know uh part
of my job is to speak with Chinese AI
policy uh uh scholars people who advise
the government on this and when I was
talking to them say two years ago in
early 2024 I would occasionally run
small surveys and I'd ask them you know
where do you rank these different
concerns about AI and AI's impact on
jobs was almost always near the bottom
of that list and in just the past 2
years that's completely flipped around
so that nowadays AI's impact on jobs is
at the top of those rankings in terms of
what people in the Chinese AI policy
community are most concerned about. And
now we're seeing this reflected in
government policy. We're seeing it
reflected in rules about not being able
to fire people just because they've been
displaced by AI. Um certain sort of
policy around expanding employment
opportunities, the oneperson companies
that you mentioned, but it's it's really
skyrocketed up the list of concerns that
the government has when it comes to AI's
impacts.
>> And just talk to us about the survey as
well. uh you know how do you account for
things like sample size for example
uh and selection bias if you could talk
about methodology here.
>> Sure. The the surveys are very small
sample and I take them just as
suggestive. It's you usually get
together a group of about it's almost
like a focus group about 10 to 12
Chinese AI policy scholars who either
advise the companies or advise the
government on AI policy issues and ask
them to rank say seven or eight
different risks from AI. And you know
you take these as small small sample
data points but what is most telling is
that when they map onto actual changes
in policy direction. So 2 years ago we
were seeing almost nothing out of the
government when it came to AI and jobs.
And now it's not just that the
government is taking policy action on
this but they're using state media to
really communicate with the public about
this to basically tell people to calm
down. They China is not just worried
about AI's impact on jobs. It's worried
about Chinese people worrying about the
impact on jobs. And so we've seen this
barrage of editorials from uh the
People's Daily and sort of central
places like that. They're telling
people, you know, don't worry about your
job. AI really big picture. It's going
to be helpful. We encourage you to, you
know, continue learning for your entire
life. We're going to take these
measures. They're trying to reassure the
population. I think that speaks to their
sort of twin goals here, like keep
people calm about this. Don't let people
worry too much about it. and let's
actually roll out some policies to try
to address those impacts.
>> What kinds of policies do you think we
will see then?
>> So, I think the most significant or the
most noteworthy one so far has been this
series of rulings in Chinese labor
courts and then in actual courts around
whether or not you can fire an employee
because they've been replaced by AI. Um,
this kicked off at the end of 2025.
there was a essentially a labor
arbitration court um in Beijing and an
employee who had been laid off because
he'd been replaced by AI challenged this
saying it's a violation of Chinese labor
law and it it comes down to these quite
specific provisions in labor law around
whether something constitutes a quote
objective change in circumstances and
we've now had three different Chinese
courts all rule that uh sort of the the
use of AI by a company is a voluntary
choice it's not a change in the
objective circumstances and therefore
you cannot not fire an employee just
because they've been replaced. You know,
is this like a a big picture long-term
solution? Probably not. But I think it's
it's the government starting to feel its
way through its pro through this problem
and essentially trying to just throw a
little bit of sand in the gears here.
You know, we see here in the United
States where I'm based, companies are
excited to announce their layoffs
because they can see the impact on stock
prices when they can say we're cutting
workforce and we're replacing them with
AI. The companies in China are now
facing a different set of incentives.
you know, they have to deal with the
markets. They have to deal with uh sort
of public perception around their growth
trajectories, but they also know they
have to answer to the government. And
the government is sending a very clear
signal that we do not want to be seeing
large scale layoffs. If you're replacing
people with AI, find something else for
them to do.
>> I mean, that's true. I mean, the um it's
I mean, the concept though of automation
isn't isn't a new one. In fact, 100
years ago, if we if we stopped at Ford's
assembly line and said, you know, that's
a bit too much, we'd be making cars by
hand right now. So, I guess how do we
approach in that through that framework?
China does want its AI industry to
flourish. Um, how does it achieve both
objectives? And, you know, are both
objectives mutually exclusive, I guess,
is my question.
There's certainly a tension there you
know and this is a tension faced by
every country now is yes we see the
transformative potential of AI mostly in
increasing productivity and we also see
that uh we have a workforce that might
have to change dramatically maybe that's
a structural change maybe that's a
matter of redistribution but we we see
both the upside and the risk there and
China has sort of been pushing as hard
as they can on pushing AI applications
pushing diffusion into the economy with
their AI plus policy And now they're
trying to account for the impacts of
that. And I think perhaps maybe a
generous reading of the policy approach
right now is a lot of this is going to
come down to sort of speed of transition
and how that transition goes. Yes. Um
you know if AI increases productivity
dramatically that's not something that
we want to miss out on. But is sort of
adjusting the workforce to that is
adjusting our political and taxation
redistribution system to that. Is that
going to take 5 years or 10 years or 20
years? and sort of who gets lost in the
middle of that. And I think some of the
Chinese policies, particularly this one
around not firing people because they've
been replaced by AI. There attempts to
just throw a little bit of sand in these
gears. Maybe you're slightly slowing
down the the transition towards the more
productive outcomes, but you're also
forcing companies to take these into a
into account, take their workers into
account and say, "Okay, maybe we slow it
down a little bit, but this is this is
going to be kind of the cost. That's how
we're going to try to thread that needle
and essentially spread out the change
and spread out the redistribution such
that we don't see major disruptions that
could cause political problems.
>> Matt, thank you so much. That's all we
have time for unfortunately. Matt Chiian
there. Fantastic. Thank you. Uh Asia
program director, senior fellow by the
way at the Carnegi Melon Carneg
Endowment for [music] uh international
studies there. Right. Coming up here on
shows, uh, well, we're talking about how
AI should be helping boost uh, the
wealth sector here in Hong Kong. Uh, BCG
joins us as well in a couple of minutes.
[music]
All right. So, I can tell you quite
accurately, this board didn't look like
this a [music] few minutes back. We'll
tell you why in a moment.
Right, welcome back. So, we're juggling
a lot of things. So we we we knew we
were going to talk about matetoan today
on the back of the earnings. Uh what we
didn't plan for is this rally and we're
now seeing broadly across OG Chinese
tech. uh this FT reports talking about
how Tencent is moving closer to
launching its AI agent for WeChat, which
was something that a lot of analysts
were looking forward to and saying that
this could be a catalyst for the stock
and the fact that we are perhaps moving
closer to that uh development coming to
fruition is really lifting the stocks.
We're up 6%. We had a decent move
already yesterday. So, this is something
we'll track very closely. Volumes are
also picking up quite substantially uh
in the Chinese tech space. Speaking of
volumes, so I think if memory serves me
correct, AESO saw I think a 20fold
increase in volumes yesterday, right? So
we talked about Harmony 6 overnight.
Summit Therapeutics, which is the
partner of Aesso actually dropped, as
you can see, we're dropped 10%. Aesso,
which started higher on the day
yesterday, eventually fell into the
close. You have doctors questioning
whether this positive survival data from
the trial that was announced at the big
oncology conference as it pertains to
the lung lung cancer drug treatment then
would translate into a broader trial
which perhaps would include older
cohorts of uh of trials there of course
in the US and the population uh that led
to obviously some of the momentum coming
back a little bit now Julie Brammer, a a
top lung oncologist from John Hopkins,
actually did point out that when you
compare the the trials, for example, the
median patient age in the US is about 70
years old and that excl that the trial
initially excluded a significant chunk
of lung patients more likely to get sort
of the side effects. Right now, we spoke
yesterday though to bask with a CFO,
Ping Wang, who now says he's fairly
confident though that the new drug uh
will eventually gain momentum. The data
does suggest that it will benefit more
patients worldwide. Have a look.
>> We have a lot of confidence that this
could benefit for patients worldwide and
not just in China. We're very confident
that we will be the dominant player in
in this class of drugs.
>> Yeah. uh to help us uh understand really
uh give more clarity objectivity of
course to this conversation very
important one I should note Linda Shu is
with us head of China healthcare
research at HSBC very nice to see you
>> nice to meet you meet that deb
>> so harmony 6 was it there's a difference
between a major breakthrough and
incremental
progress
which of the two you think it was
>> actually in terms of the harmonistics
data I think it's a major breakthrough
because it has transferred from the PF
PFS benefits to the OS which we think is
what does it mean? What does that mean?
>> Uh PFS means that uh progression of uh
free survival and OS means the patient
lives longer and always the key uh or
the uh milestone for the patients to
have the treatment in oncology
therapies. So the OS will be the uh uh
key data for the FDA for the approval.
So how many six prove that the PFAS
benefits could be transferred to the OS
in China trial data? Yes.
>> Yes. But uh as you mentioned the uh so
performance between summit and queso is
a little bit different. I think the
markets still have some some debates on
the uh data read result readouts for the
global trial data in the US trials. So
that would be the key uh data for we to
watch out. Yeah.
>> What are your expectations when we look
at a trial that is perhaps
adjusts for gender and age? In what
direction do you think the data will
will trend?
Well uh well we still wait and see
because uh clinical trial data never
lines. So the global trials uh will be
more widely accepted in terms of the
global adoption instead of on in China.
Right. Yes.
>> So the data on at the end of this year
will be a readout for the phase three of
harmony 3 data. So that will be the um
the key catalyst I think for the AK-112
to expand to the global market.
>> So Harmony 3 is the broader trial. What
expectations do you have in as far as
being able to you know patient survival
extension like what would be what would
you consider statistically significant?
>> Give it to us in the number of months
for example of an extension.
>> Well uh it uh depends uh in different uh
indications. Okay.
>> For the statistical significance. So um
generally speaking uh for the harmony
six uh we have uh four months extension
on the overall survival which means that
uh the patients with treatment of AK-112
plus chemo will be living long four
months longer than the control group
which only have uh yes the the P1 and
chemo in another group. So uh the
significance differences will be um
differs in different trial design but uh
I think the key will be the patients
have benefits from the treatment of the
progression. Yeah,
>> it's very technical and you know I'm
glad you help us make sense. Very simple
question. If harmony 6 does run into
some challenges, does it change you have
a bullish call on the stock? Does it
change your bullish thesis on on aeso?
Well um I have to say that how many six
success will be the key for a quiz uh uh
global story. Okay.
>> Uh yes because they have partnership
with summit and summit will do the
similar trial
>> as uh how many six yes so that would be
the key differences or I think there
will be um yes or no questions for for a
queso for this asset. Yes. Another name
that's come up apart from Aessa and you
know there are many emerging names in
your industry today uh Jang Su Hungry
what are you hearing as far as
reput global reputation of their early
R&D capabilities
>> uh if we look at the license our deals
of Hungary just did for the past three
years they had a very good track record
in terms of the collaboration with
global MNC's okay
>> like yes this year they just had a very
good uh license our deals with BMS.
>> That was a big one.
>> Yes, that is a very good one. And also
if back to uh a year ago um now they
will also have collaboration with Merc
and ETA. So what I mean is that in terms
of of the early stage R&D Hara has been
well recognized by the global farmers.
Yeah.
>> So your top picks we talked about a
kessle already, you talked about Jamsu
hungry. Anything else you think we
should be watching? any other name that
you think is worth paying attention to?
>> Yes, just two uh names I hope to
highlight. One is innov bio. Okay.
>> Yes. Inovvent bio who also disclose a
very good data of their PD1 IO2 uh
during the Aquaso and the other one is
Col Bio uh which had the collaboration
with MSD and also had a very good data
readouts during the Aquaso. So those
three China biotech companies have
delivered a very good uh trials readouts
in this year on AES or on ASCO. So
probably what we need to watch out watch
is about their global trial data
readouts whether it is uh can um
deliverable the same as a China trial.
Yeah. Why do you think we're suddenly
looking at a lot of milestones,
breakthroughs and success stories today
to what do we attribute that? I think
the key is that um China biotech is uh
uh uh delivering the story of going
global right so the key is for the
whether this assets will be the best in
class or first to the market
>> right
>> yes but it's still take time so that's
why uh for clinical trials generally it
will take like three to five years to
prove that they will have efficacy or
have better better safety for the
patients so the key candidates or
milestones or data results is to track
whether this assets uh will be um
delivered or will have better efficacy
in global market. So that's the key
reason why we are still quite
interesting and excited about the data
readouts and besides that I think some
companies are also very um uh will be
very pro have very promising data in
early stage and during that stage we can
collaborate with global MCIS in order to
expand our uh the value of this assets
right so putting all those together one
is that the assets already in the phase
three study and we need to watch uh or
or keep keep an eye on their datas on
global trials and the other one will be
we have the new modalities and also new
innovative drugs and we can sell that to
the global MNC's. So that will be a long
but a very promising story of China B
going global. Yeah. So that that that is
how we look at this sector.
>> I can see you and your team have picked
up in terms of the busyiness scale and I
have no doubt you'll continue to be very
busy. Linda, thank you so much for by
the way for coming in. Nice to see you.
Uh, Linda Shu there guys, head of China
Healthcare Research at at HSBC. Uh,
let's pivot back to AI and chips and
Nvidia of course unveiling this new AI
era chip here, the RTX Spart chip, uh,
which was developed in collaboration
with Taiwan's MediaTek. Now, the
corporate senior VP of MediaTek, Vince
Sue, says that the industry is still in
the early stages of the AI revolution,
but there is a lot more value uh, to be
unlocked. He spoke exclusively to us in
Taipei. Have a look.
Well, AI is changing the nature of our
business and uh I think three or five
years from now, you're going to see a
dramatically different makeup of our
business compared to what you see today.
Uh data center is one area. We're uh
going from basically almost zero a year
ago to $2 billion this year and then
much larger as we ramp our first uh big
design into full year production next
year.
>> 12 billion I hear. Is that the number
that's fantied about?
>> Well, I won't make a speculation on how
how big it will be next year, but let's
just say it will be a very large part of
the 70 to80 billion TAM that we see. We
think we can grab 10 to 15% of that and
uh we need to work very hard to execute,
but it's going to be very large for us.
We've been covering a lot of dialogue
about jobs and AI and a number of
banking executives are talking about the
ramifications of the development of AI.
But we heard Jensen Hang today talk
about well actually he said that AI is
going to kill off jobs is nonsense and
he the proof is in his pudding
obviously. Um but again what kind of
jobs and hiring do you think you're
going to need for your data center
business? So, as Jensen mentioned, uh,
uh, AI is not going to kill jobs. It's
actually going to create jobs. And I
think one of the things we're seeing is
our business is taking off on a number
of fronts. And, um, uh, a number of new
businesses like automotive, IoT, [music]
data center, and wearables. Our existing
businesses are also increasing uh, in
future momentum because of the
introduction of more AI capabilities to
change the user experience. So actually
uh we're in a situation where we're not
reducing the number of engineers but
actually expanding and hiring the number
of engineers and we're chasing a lot
more opportunity. So I see this boating
very well for us.
>> Do you agree with what Jensen said as
well today? He says AI and what they're
doing is a GDP generator. I think the
latest numbers that did come out of the
you know the forecast for Taiwan is
almost 10% growth this year in GDP on
top of 7% last year.
>> Yes. So uh you know we see the biggest
manifestation of that AI revolution in
Taiwan. Uh I think when I made the
decision to come over here six years ago
I didn't foresee the impact Taiwan uh AI
would have on the semiconductor
industry. It's now taken us from s
singledigit compound annual growth to
multiple digit compound annual growth.
And now we're going to see uh uh
potentially $1 trillion in value uh
probably this year or next year. And I
would say without knowing the exact
data, probably Taiwan is experiencing uh
its heyday and unprecedented growth here
in technology and it's probably the
center of the high-tech world here now
because of the AI revolution.
>> Well, there's also lots of talk about
maybe there's a bubble forming in
overinvestment in data centers and the
like and this area that you're basically
going into uncharted territory. How how
risky would you assess that it is right
now with the valuations we're seeing?
>> Yeah, you know, uh definitely I think
this is uh there's a lot of similarities
between this uh growth and the
introduction of the internet for sure.
There's a lot of investment going on in
there. There probably will be some
busts, but I think we're at the
beginning of the AI revolution. I
definitely think there's going to be
some sustainable value created here. And
uh most of the customers we're working
today are uh tier 1 hyperscalers and so
I feel very good about the fundamentals
of the business we're pursuing and I
think we're pretty set at least through
the 2030 horizon.
>> We'll continue the conversation there
around AI and jobs. You might have seen
a report out of BCG that Hong Kong has
overtaken Switzerland and is set to
build its lead in wealth. AI they say is
key to the scaling up capabilities of
the Hong Kong wealth sector AI wealth
sector [music]
as it pertains to it being able to keep
up with the times. Uh we'll be joined by
one of the authors coming up next. This
is a China [music] show.
>> All right, welcome back. You're watching
the China show. You might have seen this
report made its rounds really. Let's dig
into it out of BCG. Of course, the
global wealth report. Hong Kong has
narrowly overtaken Switzerland to become
the world's biggest and largest crossber
wealth hub. You have this influx of
mainland Chinese capital. We've
obviously talked about this resurgent
equity market. Joining us here on set is
their MD and senior partner, Jun Tang.
Very nice to see a very good report. We
know the takeaways. What are the
assumptions you're making here?
>> Well, good morning and thanks for having
having me. Um basically the wealth the
growth of wealth and the rise of wealth
as in Hong Kong as an offshore center
has very much been driven by um the flow
of wealth from mainland China to Hong
Kong and today I think roughly 60% of
the the wealth is now uh coming from
mainland China um and we see something
like 25 million globally affluent plus
Chinese households coming into Hong Kong
to have their money managed out of Hong
Kong um looking for diversification,
looking for better performance in um uh
in in their investments and also because
of a much more globally minded
lifestyle,
>> right? Does Hong Kong have enough
capacity to absorb that?
>> I think this is
>> it's a good problem to have, but yeah,
>> I think certainly uh demand is demand
for wealth management services is
structurally uh going to be a big driver
of the next few years.
>> Sure.
>> Um I I think that that is um not the
question. I think um there's definitely
demand. I think the key question here is
whether or not Hong Kong has sufficient
talent and capacity. That's right.
>> To be able to service the 25 million
>> households that are coming. Uh and
actually we can already see it like in
amongst all the wealth managers, the the
banks. I mean really it's it's a a real
fight for talent.
>> So I think going forward what we're now
actually working a lot on is the use of
AI
>> to uh help enable that front line. So
the relationship managers, the
investment advisers, the CIO office, um
how we can actually be much more uh
productive uh to be able to deliver a
much more enhanced experience uh for
clients and uh also um uh maybe just
free up the toil from work because you
know wealth management has a lot of
compliance and administration and uh
obviously that toil
>> uh can be freed up with with AI. What's
the what's the well I think we talked
about the natural advantage of Hong Kong
obviously as an offshore wealth hub for
mainland China. What are the gain
competencies though of [snorts] Hong
Kong?
>> Oh so I think it's been a big vote of
confidence the last um few years in Hong
Kong
>> um I think back in 2022 if you read the
you know RBC global wealth report we had
predicted by 25 26 y
>> we would see Hong Kong as number one in
global wealth. Well, here we are
>> and we're here. We're here in 20 in 26.
>> Um, so some of the things that I think
Hong Kong has going for it.
>> Um, stability.
>> Uh, I think this has been a a big part.
Y
>> um I think the affirmation by I think
both Hong Kong and China that Hong Kong
is a international financial center,
international wealth management center.
I think this is good. Uh, and then the
talent base, the access to products uh
and obviously the presence of many uh
global wealth managers. Hm. Talk to us
about AI because that seems to be what
you're alluding to as the key piece of
the puzzle here. Now, without it, the
lead does not build. How do players need
to be thinking about harnessing AI?
>> So, I think in uh in Asia, we have to um
wealth managers and especially in Hong
Kong need to adopt AI, especially in
terms of the workflows. So actually
reimagining how the experience for the
client
>> can be transformed with AI and not just
you know supplanting day-to-day tasks
like the way in which you see it a
chatbot yes
>> but really to reimagine those flows so
that we can actually free up
>> um to be able to free up uh time to be
able to spend with clients and for a few
reasons right so um firstly I think uh
today we see many you know typically
only 10% of clients are actually engaged
every in any particular a week.
>> Okay. Right.
>> Not every you don't see everybody every
day.
>> No, you don't see everybody every day,
but but you you you don't many many
clients don't get engaged at all like
even during the course, right? So, what
we're we're looking for now is actually
to be able to reach out, engage with a
lot more clients, be able to explain
situations, you know, solve their
issues, right? Solve and proide
solutions to them.
>> And with AI, we can do that in a much
more scalable and consistent way.
I think I think the the other uh the
other thing that I think would be that's
very important is that we're actually in
the middle of a wealth transition,
right? Because you know the first and
second generation wealth in Asia is now
transitioning to the next generation.
>> Yep. It's passing the baton.
>> Yeah. And it's one of the biggest wealth
transitions that we'll see uh in in the
next uh in the next few decades. And so
what we're what we're seeing here is
that the wealth managers need to be able
to spend more time with their clients to
be able to discuss issues of
intergenerational
uh wealth transition, governance,
um many other sensitive topics.
>> Succession, not creation and origination
is the next big test for wealth is is
the key point there out of BCG. That's
all on time. I'm sorry, but yes, we can
talk more again. Uh guys, that was uh
Jun Tong there, of course, BCG managing
director and senior partner. They just
came out with that report [music]
extrapolating this into uh 2030. We have
lots more ahead. This is Bloomberg,
right? You might have seen this. One of
the world's most prominent short
sellers, Andrew Left, has been found
guilty of securities fraud. It follows
his three-week trial in LA that centered
on social media posts about dozens of
companies. Eric Larson, our Bloomberg
reporter, is in LA for us to talk us
through the significance of this verdict
and perhaps what's next here, Eric?
>> Yeah, I mean, what's next here is that
he is going to be sentenced by a federal
judge here in LA on August 31st. Um, he
faces uh up to 25 years in prison on the
securities fraud charge, a maximum on
that first count, the most serious one
that he was found guilty of. Um although
oftentimes these white collar criminal
defendants uh end up getting a lot less
than the maximum. Um there's also going
to be a motion by his lawyer for a
mistrial sort of a last stitch effort to
have the verdict thrown out and then of
course also an appeal.
>> Okay. What are other short sellers
saying about this about this case?
>> Well, you know, they they were pretty
critical of the case. The the
investigation went on uh for a couple of
years before uh Mr. left was charged in
2024. Um there was concern about uh this
uh basically infringing the speech of
these activist short sellers who wanted
to be able to say whatever they wanted
about a company on social media or on TV
even uh and then uh make trades around
uh the reports that they issue. Um a
fairly common practice. Um a little
different though, the government claims
that Mr. left didn't always believe what
he was even saying and that he
specifically would just try to move the
stock rather than try to inform the
market about uh an issue a company was
having that it was a very calculated
effort to set up trades in advance use
his power on social media on Twitter to
uh to to move the market and then really
quickly close out his positions and and
make money. Um the government said that
by doing this he actually made over $20
million in profit from 2018 to 2023.
>> Eric, thank you so much uh for recap
there. Eric Larson in LA for us. Of
course, one of the big stories lots of
people are reading this about. You can
check it out on the Bloomberg terminal
of course further details and we're of
course looking ahead to sentencing
there. Could face uh two decades uh
behind bars. Uh before we go rally in
10centent this report of course out of
the FT that the company's [music] closer
to launching this wechathat AI agent
session highs there session [music]
highs for the broader tech rally maidan
is also part and parcel to what's
happening here on the hingen tech 3 and
a half% to the upside matetoan on your
screens that's it from us here today we
will see you all tomorrow thank you for
joining us